all right so in this video I'm going to
literally walk you through our entire
Gold Eagle Tech stack that we leverage
to generate thousands of leads every
single month for ourselves and for our
clients so the first thing I want to
start off with is the data tools that we
use so we use this tool called ocean.io
they are phenomenal and they are the
best when it comes for building
look-alike lists when it comes to
building leapless we love to build a
list of companies or a list of accounts
that's what we could call it and then go
identify the proper decision makers at
these accounts to go find the email
addresses of the people that were email
right so when it comes to a countless
building ocean is the best in its class
I could literally go in there and input
a single website and what it does is
it'll go find thousands of companies
that match the input that I put in right
so if I put it libre.io the output is
going to be a turn of other B2B
Generation 8 then this is super
important because if I have a case study
where this specific type of client that
I can use at leverage to get more
clients similar to them oh to where
I go I can go put in that client's
website go find thousands of clients or
thousands of leads that are similar to
them go Prospect showcase study win
deals so OSHA has to be super important
to our success
the second place where we love to build
account lists is actually crunchbase so
crunchbase is a database they have a ton
of great funding signals so we can go
find companies that have raised you know
in their series A B C whatever it
doesn't matter and what I've noticed
well is that crunchbase is the literal
OB database that I've used it has the
best SAS filter so if we're trying to
find a Target SAS copies Crush base will
have a filter for them I can go you know
download a list of accounts and go
identify the proper people that needed
to Johnson so I love crunchbase for
those two things specifically and if I
need to build a list of e-commerce you
know Brands store Elites is my favorite
because it categorizes the data better
than any other platform I've seen it
will literally give you like super sub
niches so like I could click apparel and
it's probably going to show me something
like sports apparel brands for example
and the reason why this categorization
is so important is that I can get super
specific with my lipless which is gonna
me to write you know super specific copy
on the sense of like hey I saw that you
were a sports and apparel brand like
that's really going to speak to the end
user when they see the email because
they're thinking did the research and so
that's why I like to use store Elites
when it comes to e-commerce data and
lastly when it comes to building account
list I like to use out scraper so out
scraper allows me to scrape Google Maps
really easily really efficiently you
know kind of ton of other tools but I'll
scraper just makes it super simple to
use and so this is my favorite one to to
scrape local businesses for example so
if I want to buy it all the local bars
in my area outscript is what I used it's
super efficient and then all everything
I've spoken about they're just going to
give you website URLs they may give you
some contacts but I don't really trust
it that much depending on what it is
worse but they're going to give you
websites URLs then what I do is take
those website URLs and certain Rich Zone
and other tools so what are the tools I
like to use is Apollo Apollo you know
everyone talks really bad about it but
to completely is it's cheap it's easy to
use and it has great coverage when it
comes to data so Apollo is one of the
tools where we'll input a ton of these
website URLs to go identify contacts
that will filter all those contacts to
go find the right person get their email
addresses and take them through the next
step store process so Apollo is a great
tool that I like to use drop contact is
another tool that I like to enrich my
data with and so you know we do use
sales Navigator a lot and once we scrape
you know the profile URLs off of sales
Navigator I typically will always enrich
it with drop code Tech has a great you
know enrichment percentage compared to
other data vendors and it's extremely
cheap so drop contest is definitely a
tool I would check out of Ru and when it
comes to you know scraping LinkedIn
sales Navigator the tool I like to
leverage here is golden Elite so this is
a fairly new tool that's out on the
market and what's really cool about done
is that you know they don't take this
typical SAS mode so you're not paying
for a monthly balance of credits you
actually are just paying for the
searches and per every search that you
input and you know most LinkedIn sales
nav scraper tools they always leverage
your profile they'll need to you know
use a Chrome extension for example but
with golden leads you simply just copy
the salesnet URL and you input it into
their form and outputs a CSV file of
your search and so it does it all in the
cloud through their own profiles super
useful super quick and efficient and
then there's some rare instances where
we'll need to scrape data from like
Instagram and Tick Tock this might be to
build like a list of influencers or just
why people that are interested in a
certain keyword or function that's
typically you know when we'll use like a
Instagram sweeper but we like to use
igmeets.io it is a little slow they have
got a little quicker with super cheap
super efficient and you know honestly
I've seen a lot of Instagram data
scrapers out in the market over the last
couple years and this has been the one
that was stuck around for the type beat
right now so that's everything when it
comes to lead scraping so Apollo is
where we do a lot of our website
enrichment it will filter down to find
the the right person drop contacts where
we filter our LinkedIn sales and app
searches and then Google need to solving
straight to LinkedIn sales lab igv does
how these great Instagram and Tech talk
and so once we get all the emails right
we now have to verify them and the tool
I like to use this milia verifier it is
cheap but you know it's pretty quality
verification and the cool thing is is
that they only charge you for the valid
emails that you get back because they
don't charge you for the invalids to
catch rolls the riskies or anything of
that sort when all the other providers
do so super great bang for the buck and
then what I'd like to do is take all my
tactiles that I didn't get charged for
on million verifier and put that through
scrubby the scrub is the only system
that can actually validate those
catch-alls or riskies and so it's the
only platform you can use to do that
function and it's very important to do
that function because those are like
untapped leads and nobody's really
sending cool emails to so that's kind of
how we do the verification and then when
it comes to actual email warm-up and the
email sending I'll kind of get into that
but we use smartly and I'm sure you've
seen this tool around it is fairly new
but they've been growing like crazy and
the cool thing about smart lead is you
know they do unlimited warm-up for a
single price so smart lead instantly
they have a chain kind of changing the
game because back in the day how
everyone used to charge was based off of
how many accounts you bring in but what
they're doing now is changing the tire
Eco the tire Space by making it
unlimited formula unlimited sending for
a single price right they're basing you
that they're charging you based on how
many ebos you send or how many credits
that you leverage and use and obvious
you uploaded to their system but you
could add you know an infinite amount of
email accounts to warm up and descend
from and you know what makes Smart leads
super great is that you know they do the
rotation of inboxes they can do same
Center matching they do subsequences you
know they're they're planning to build
out a tire crn within their platform and
they do so many things you know whether
it be fully on me reach where you know
you can start to LinkedIn you can do
Twitter what's up Outreach like they're
gonna build a machine and very great
diploma team behind them and and this
will be perceived used for sending on
across all of our clients and then when
it comes to responsibility I like to
kind of do a lot of our responsibility
outside of the actual email Outreach
tool for a lot of reasons that I'm not
going to go into this video I did make a
video about that called inbox management
but we like to use Sprint it's unloaded
inboxes that we can add in so we have
all of our Appliance accounts inside of
front and then that's where our inbox
managers typically will be in so that
they can convert a lot of the responses
we get back to converted to leads and
then last but not least our CRM it's
just HubSpot it's easy to use as great
Integrations we're not at the point
where we need something like a sales
force we just need a simple pipeline
that has simple functionalities and
that's basically everything that we use
to generate thousands of leads every
single month for ourselves or for our
clients so you know if you guys see all
of this this is you know a pretty wide
variety of tech stack or you know a lot
of different things that need to be
leveraged and used but it gets pretty
pricey you know if you don't add a
leverage it correctly I would just
recommend working with our agency Libre
so you know go ahead and book a call
with us you know we deliver leads on a
pay-per-lead model both have to to get
licenses for all these Tech stack that
we use simply pay us for every leader
regenerate so that's of Interest I would
be excited to speak to you about how we
can help leverage our cold email tab
stack into your business